When you're in the military, you're given a lot of technical training
but we're fortunate that we don't really have to apply that technical
training. When you're working, you have this list of things that you're
supposed to do and you do it, you have this list of procedures
that you're supposed to follow and you follow them and when you don't
know something, that's wrong with something that you're working on,
like a pump or a valve or a voltage regulator, there's already a
list, a well-guided list of the procedures that you're supposed to follow.
So, I didn't deal with technical problems so much in that regard,
however that doesn't mean that we don't figure out technical things
all the time. So, especially during your A school and your power
school, you're presented with, you know, college level problems all
the time. So, for instance, here is an electrical schemata and you're
not getting voltage at this, at this point. So, how is that possible?
Or, this is a picture of a pump and for some reason, there's water
coming from this part. Please troubleshoot how you would figure
out where this water is faulting at. So, after A school, you're presented
with those types of problems pretty often throughout the time
that you're in the Navy. You don't see them so often. When you do see
it, it's a really big problem because, like, we do so much preventive
maintenance and we do so much work that you're definitely not supposed
to see them. But when you do have that problem, it's a big group
effort and it's really hard to like, say that one person actually
figured it out but you're presented with those small theoretical
problems all the time.